Add public-deploy doc to index (#1155)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-sdk: packages/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/public-deploy.adoc

[[deploy-your-contracts-to-a-public-network]]
= Deploy your contracts to a public network

> This guide link:first[builds on the first tutorial] where we created a new OpenZeppelin SDK project, and created a simple `Counter` contract in a local development network. We will now see how to deploy this contract to a public network.  

Reviewer: For internal links we should use Antora crossreferences, as they are more reliable than relative links.

```suggestion
This guide xref:first.adoc[builds on the first tutorial] where we created a new OpenZeppelin SDK project, and created a simple `Counter` contract in a local development network. We will now see how to deploy this contract to a public network.  
```
